How to organize? Two choices: Separate directories (like ml/) for different portions of the book, each with their own sub-directories including images and what not. Or a unified approach, with all images in the same directory. Related choice: All chapters at the highest level or broken up into sub-directories.

Remove anything associated with include_image() and image_link() from the MD chapters. That is too complex and hacky. Just do things in the default way, as the DS book does them.

There are errors with select() calls at the end of the (not-used-yet) ml chapters. This has to do with a library which overloads select. The DS books uses a hack in _common.R to fix this.

Improve the situation with skimr. It is hacky to rely on the use of an old version. Given that I am in html-only, I think that I cna just use the current version.

Square away R packages. There should be one location with all the requirements.

Diagnose importance of "DDK" commented error in productivity chapter.

Edit Bayes chapter, especially the end.

Make list of individual chapters to edit.

Make list of Albert projects and timeline.

Update syllabus.

Consider the use of before_chapter_script: "_common.R" in the DS _bookdown.yml as well as the associated _common.R file. Is this an approach we should copy? The lack of this why I can't get all the DS chapters to work.

Combine _common.R, common.R and index.Rmd information into one place. Need to figure out how this works in bookdown. I think we need one file which only runs once when you make the book. That files does a bunch of stuff involving copying over files. But you don't maintain state after running that file, so any new functions are lost. Then you have a second file, like _common.R, which is run at the start of compiling each chapter.

I like the PDF version of Rafa's book available from Lean Pub. How hard is that to make?

Spilt up DS productivity chapter

Add discussion of allowed variable names, the use of ``, and janitor::clean_names() early in the book. This is needed as background before we use tidy::broom() and similar functions.

Remove use of get_* speciality ModernDive commands. Replace with broom:tidy() and friends. We should not need library(moderndive) at all. (But need to check on any data used from there.) 

Get rid of use of infer library. Do all this the hard way, via the bootstrap and specific calculation of the test statistic.

Remove all hypothesis testing from MD chapters. Motto: No tests! There is only the data, and models we create from the data, and the decisions we make with those models.



Replace all uses of kable with gt?

Fix "No additional resources" in Chapter 6, 7, 10. Standardize this section across all chapters. 545 is different.

Keep chapters 9, 10 and 11 from MD?

Requires internet when using read_mnist() in some DS chapters. Annoying! Fix by including copy of mnist? By getting rid of these sections?

Why are is all the math notation appearing messed up, like (\X\)?

Why isn't preview_chapter() working with MD chapters? Why can't I simply knit one of the MD chapters? Gives weird error message about "Error in files2[[format]] : 
  attempt to select less than one element in get1index"
  
Edit Bayes chapter to make sense after prob chapter. Consider adding in intuition from Bayes for Beginner Book, especially decision trees, which map nicely to our simulation approach.

Add purr material to probability chapter and Bayes chapter. Need to cover this CS stuff before sampling.

Add a map section before probability, or at end. Maybe this is first of several self-contained appendices.

Add Shiny section at end.

Add an animation section.

Links in STAT 545 not working despite addition of links.md file. How fix?

Split wranging chapter into two parts: old MD section and new STAT 545 material which covers types of objects, like character and factor.

14/15 after join in chapter 4.

Take (?) material from: https://chabefer.github.io/STCI/; https://github.com/chabefer/SKY

Organize chapters. We want chapters to have a similar length/difficulty. Maybe we also want them to correspond better to specific weeks. Once we have that, rename them with 0X prefixes so that things look nice.

Meld programming with concepts. Each chapter does two things: It teaches some necessary R programming skills and it teaches some statistical concepts. With luck, the two will complement each other. Or should each of these be separate chapters so that we might mix and match things? Maybe we need 100+ chapters, each of which do simple things, largely unconnected to each other.




1) Meld the material on writing functions and purrr with the concepts in the Probability/Bayes Chapters. Maybe functions goes with probability and purrr goes with Bayes. Key point is that students have all this down cold before we dive into Sampling.

1) Add potential outcomes, Rubin Causal Model, randomized trials, average treatment effect, the assignment mechanism and the perfect doctor to the first four weeks of chapters. We want all this down cold before we dive into probability/Bayes. 

  

